.TH HEIMDALLR 1
.SH NAME
heimdallr \- find public ssh keys with ease
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B heimdallr
.RB "[" "-u"
.IR "username" "] |"
.RB "[" "-s"
.IR "username" "] |"
.RB "[" "-p"
.IR "port" "] |"
.RB "[" "-h" "] |"
.RB "[" "-V" "]"

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B heimdallr
starts a ssh-server in order to be able to receive others' public keys via use of ssh-copy-id.

It is also able to fetch previously released public keys from github either by specification or search of an username.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "-h"
Show a short overview of the available commands.
.TP
.BI "-p" " port"
Open a ssh-server on the specified port. 
The ssh-server is not interpreting given commands, but shows the output on the terminal.
.RB "The other side has to run ssh-copy-id with the same port specified and the ip of the machne running " "heimdallr" "."
.TP
.BI "-s" " username"
Search for the given username on GitHub.
Show all results to choose one from them interactively.
Perform another request to the GitHub API to  show all released public keys for the chosen account.
.TP
.BI "-u" " username"
Use the GitHub API in order to show all released public keys for the given GitHub account.
.TP
.B "-V"
Show the current version.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I "~/.config/heimdallr"
.RB "The directory in which " "heimdallr" " stores its own private key, which prevents leaking the own public key of the administrator."
	

.SH AUTHOR
aiyion (heimdallr@aiyionpri.me)

A big thanks to everybody who has helped getting bugs out of this project.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "ssh-copy-id" "(1), " "libcurl" "(3), " "ssl" "(7)"

.SH AVAILABILITY
.BR "heimdallr" " is available on the aur as heimdallr-git. The latest versions are available in source form at https://github.com/AiyionPrime/heimdallr."
